hey guys today we're gonna go over in
natural toothpaste and mouthwash done by
dr. sharp this company makes products
with absolutely no active ingredients if
you look at your standard toothpaste
there are most of them have a couple of
active ingredients and they're not good
for you
they have fluoride as one of the
ingredients and fluoride is known to
cause severe health effects if used in
excess so be very careful what you're
putting in your mouth
doctor sharps have organic botanicals
they are completely paraben free
alcohol-free sodium sulfate free and
fluoride free so on top of that they go
above and beyond the packaging is BPA
free so you're not touching BPA and
touching your skin it's also printed on
soy based ink all the ingredients are
100% vegan and they do not test on
animals I'm gonna tell you a little
story so the company's the two space
companies in the past were trying to
figure out a way to increase sales and
they decided to make the opening much
bigger so you use it you squeeze much
more in your toothbrush and you're going
back to the supermarket much more often
and buying much more to space than you
actually need
and I'm gonna show you the chill
openings that I have here dr. Sharpe and
a standard toothpaste
dr. sharps is about half the size of a
toothpaste that you can find in the
supermarket so you're gonna be making
much better use of this one you're gonna
be using less you're gonna be buying
less of it and you're gonna be using as
much as you need not as much as they're
squeezing it out to your tooth brush and
make sure it support companies that are
making products that are better for your
health and our planet how many companies
care about the packaging not too many
we got your twenty five percent off
coupon so you can easily make the switch
make sure to use it in
use it and support companies that are
doing good take action by green